Add new Helm Chart (#16603)
metabase/metabase: helm-chart/README.md

# Metabase Helm Chart

> This is the official source of Metabase Helm Chart. If you are looking about the documentation to deploy this into your K8S cluster, check out our documentation in [Metabase Operations Guide](https://metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/running-metabase-on-kubernetes.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page covers using the official Metabase Helm Chart for running Metabase. For docs on deploying Metabase with Kubernetes, check out [Running Metabase on Kubernetes](https://metabase.com/docs/latest/operations-guide/running-metabase-on-kubernetes.html).
```

> If you want to package this chart, just do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To package this chart, run:
```
